Well, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
It has been an amazing 24 hours.
I am just burning with the fire of the Lord today.
I am so excited to come on here and talk to you and tell you what the Lord did last night.
I am in awe at what the Lord—I have so many different directions I could go right now.
But first, I want to tell you all how exciting it is that I heard all the testimonies about the Coachella assassination attempt.
The sheriff came on there and said he had fake passports, he had fake driver's license plates, he had guns and everything inside of his car.
They released him on bail for $5,000, but he didn't do anything because God intervened.
People were like, "Well, where did you prophesy this?
"—the doubters.
The Lord had me pray very hard for Coachella.
I kept praying for this word "Coachella," and I kept getting this in the spirit realm.
So, I told my friend about it and he helped me Google it.
Then my wife helped me Google this word.
We're going to pray for these major events and big gatherings of people, for nothing to happen.
The Lord said, "This is how they're going to run their campaign in 2024.
" And he said, "You need to tell the people to pray and hear the voice of the Lord concerning every place they go in their day-to-day activity, major events, and going with crowds and concerts.
" That's why I prayed for Coachella.
The Lord had me praying for this.
We'll pray against it for this year.
I've been praying over Coachella; there are a lot of events to pray over.
When I warned you all about the shootings at Coachella that were coming up in a couple of days, that was a warning I got this time last year.
And the Lord told me, "Pray over this.
This is a plot from the enemy.
" I told you about George Soros and these people over there.
I saw bad men over in Europe having a meeting with the devil at the same time last year when he warned me to pray over Coachella and said that they were plotting something against it.
The Lord warned me about that and told me to pray for that.
I intercede for a lot of things, y'all.
But they said, "Well, you've missed it.
How many things have you gotten to come to pass that the Lord shows you?
" And I say, "Man, I've sat on stuff for five years, sometimes longer, before anything ever starts to be in the news.
" I'm still praying over the thing in Italy the Lord showed me when I warned you all that a major volcano was going to go off and it was going to wipe out the whole coastal city.
I saw over 300,000 people—boom—dead that fast because of the volcano going off.
I'm trying to steer you all to show you where I'm at and where I've been praying.
So, praying over Coachella, and then the Lord was warning me about big gatherings again.
I was sent an email and even a text from a friend telling me, "Hey, do you remember praying over Coachella?
" I got this and I've been praying over Coachella.
The Lord will show me, like I said, way in advance of events trying to manifest, and I take authority over them so that they don't manifest.
I saw a mass shooting event happening at Coachella and the Lord said, "I want you to pray over this event so that this does not take place.
" Well, I thought it was the concert event.
Maybe it was; I don't know.
Like I said, we hear in part and we see in part.
So when you're looking through the filter of what the Lord is trying to tell you, you just keep praying.
The Lord told me to start praying over this, that this was a serious thing to pray over.
Well, my friend sent me a text and he said, "Hey Brandon, did you see that President Trump was going to Coachella to hold a rally there?
" I had no idea.
So, with the things that you get in the spirit of warnings and prayer, you try to put your own mind to it and you get in trouble because you're thinking it's the concert.
All I know is that's what we pray.
Whether it was the presidential thing that's going to happen this weekend with the speech and all that, I don't know, because all I know is the Lord warned me and told me to pray over this stuff.
But did it witness with me that this could be it?
Yeah.
I thought this is probably it.
More than likely, we were going to pray over Coachella again, this Trump rally that's coming on Saturday, and if there are any plots or any plans, we call them exposed in Jesus' name—that they would be caught in the name of Jesus.
We call for supernatural wisdom over the Secret Service, supernatural wisdom over the FBI—the good FBI—CIA, Homeland Security, all of them.
The Riverside County Sheriff's Department just announced an arrest from former President Donald Trump's rally in Coachella.
If you're asking me right now, I probably did have deputies that prevented the third assassination attempt.
A man carrying several guns and fake passes was stopped by police at a rally in Coachella Valley over the weekend.
This is not about boasting about my platform, but about warning you to pray and intercede on behalf of America because God is not done with America.
God is not finished with what he's about to do in America.
There is going to be a great harvest of souls beyond anybody's comprehension that's about to come to this land.
I was thinking about the old Welsh revival and how they said the glory of God came with fire.
It happened so strongly that the miners who would work in the mines in Wales in that area had to shut down the mines because the mules and the donkeys that were working only knew how to take commands with cuss words.
But when the fire of God came on those miners and they got the Holy Ghost on their mouths and were delivered from things, they stopped the profanity.
So, the donkeys and the mules did not know how to respond anymore.
They had to shut down the mines because the glory came.
It took time to train the donkeys and the mules again.
The glory came there, and they were asking one little girl, "What do you feel about what's happened to the revival here?
" And she said, "It's like Jesus; we have Sunday every day.
" All I can say is, "Lord, do it again.
" There was an awe with the presence of God throughout the whole city.
There was an awe on every street corner.
And I'm telling you, we had revivals in the 1700s with John Wesley and Finney.
The glory would come so strongly when they would preach in these revivals that they would tell people to get out of the trees because they would climb them to get a better view.
But John Wesley would warn them to get out of the trees because when he would speak, the glory of God would fill up the outside—not in an inside building—but the presence of the Lord would weigh so strongly that the power of God would knock people out of the trees, and he didn't want them to get hurt.
I'm telling you, a glory will come again.
I'm telling you, an outpouring of his presence is coming again.
One last call: the Lord warns me and tells me today when I pray.
Thank God he spared Trump's life again.
It was a call to prayer for 30 days.
But the enemy has a plan, ladies and gentlemen.
I've told you even five or six days after the election—if you didn't believe me before, do you believe me now when I tell you the Lord tells me to come on here and warn you about what's coming?
Maybe this time when you see the next sign, maybe you will listen.
I pray you do because I'm trying as a watchman on the wall, yelling with all I have to warn you that Jesus Christ is coming—not for anything else, but to warn you that Jesus is coming.
Jesus is coming, and there is a great outpouring of His Spirit that's coming.
There is a great shaking to awaken.
People don't want to hear about the other side of the coin, the dark side.
But there are dark days coming, just as there are light days coming.
I try very hard now to speak about both.
But when I have told you about financial crisis, things that I've seen coming—a dollar shaking, worth fifty cents on the dollar, the seizing of the monies in the bank, warning you of a Great Depression with people lined up for miles trying to get food—warning you that I've seen an asteroid hit in the Atlantic Ocean, a great explosion in Poland, and an acceleration of war.
I've seen Israel attack Iran and the oil, so much so that Saudi Arabia and the BRICS nations will come together stronger against the petrodollar.
I saw the oil go over two hundred dollars a barrel.
I saw gasoline going well over eight, nine, or ten dollars a gallon on average.
Is it supposed to scare you?
No.
It's to warn you and to prepare you.
I bring these things up to warn you, to shake you, to say, 'Listen, we can pray.
' I didn't come on this channel to tickle your ears or to entertain you, to make you go, 'Well, that was a really good message; it gave me goosebumps,' and then go back to your apathy, your laziness, and your being slothful and asleep.
I come on here to shake you, to tell you that there's a plan afoot for the devil's work.
But God has a plan that's bigger.
And if we would plug ourselves in and get excited about what God is going to do in these last days, and humble ourselves and pray and turn from our wicked ways, then He said we would hear from heaven and He would heal our land.
You all think Donald Trump is going to save America.
But there is only one person that will save America, and that is Jesus Christ and an awakening unto God.
America will not be saved without an awakening unto God.
America is in the place where we're trying to change the fruit of America without changing the root.
And a lot of you think we can just change the fruit, but the problem is the root is bad.
Donald Trump isn't going to change the fruit.
The problem is we're not preaching righteousness and holiness in the pulpits anymore.
We preach a lukewarm, seeker-friendly message.
We're feeding the babies porridge and milk, and they don't have meat to grow because we aren't teaching the Word of God to the people—the meat of the Word, the ABCs of faith—teaching them how to live by faith and how to stay strong, how to cast out devils, to do the Great Commission, to lay hands on the sick and see them recover, to raise the dead, to bring sight to the blind, to open ears, and to tell the lame to leap and walk.
We have that ability on the inside of us.
Jesus Christ lives on the inside of every single one of you.
And I have such an urgency today, an urgency to tell you like Paul Revere yelling on his horse, 'The British are coming!
The British are coming!
' but to tell you in the midnight hour that I'm riding on the horse through town after town via this YouTube channel, telling the whole world that Jesus Christ is coming, and yet you're still asleep.
I yell from the mountaintops that Jesus is coming.
I had a visitation again last night.
I cannot tell you what He said this time because it was for me, but I can tell you this: He said, 'A lot of the older generals are going to start to go home, and you're going to see a new generation of Davids rise up.
' You will see this shortly: a great move of His presence beyond anything you've ever seen before.
It's not years away anymore; it's not days away.
It's now.
You're going to start to see the manifestation of things.
I'm telling you all, it's time to get your hearts right before the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's time for you to seek Him like you've never sought Him before.
Jesus is the healer; He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, and you're about to see it.
I went to a healing service last night, and the power of God knocked me on my rear.
My wife and children were all touched by the glory.
And we got a word from the minister there.
We prayed for my little girl Megan, and the glory filled the room.
You know, when you go and you're not expecting much, you're just excited to be a part of things.
I never anticipate anything like that—a word from anybody.
I just go and want to watch someone else get blessed.
I'm excited just to be there.
But he asked for people to come up and tell their testimonies about what God had done for them in the past.
And I went and told them about taking her to that service a couple of years ago when he prayed for her and, within a week or two, my daughter was completely potty trained.
Supernaturally, even though the doctors said Megan would never be potty trained.
They told us that she would maintain the level of eighteen months for the rest of her life and to never expect her to be potty trained.
There were so many negative things that neuropsychologist said.
That's when I told him all things are possible to him that believes.
He told my wife, 'You all are in denial.
You need to come to reality.
I've never seen, in thousands and thousands of cases over thirty or forty years, an autistic child ever healed.
' And that's when my wife looked at him and said, 'But my daughter will be.
She'll be the first, and we're going to come back here and give you a testimony.
' Well, we stood and stood, and when there is nothing else to do, you stand.
Whenever you don't see the fruit of what you're believing for in full manifestation, you keep standing.
You don't give up.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
So we believe some more; we keep standing.
You find your Bible verses, you keep reading them, and you keep believing it.
Then we had the encounter, and Megan started pottying on the stool.
Within just a day, she woke up, sat down, and went to the bathroom—that was a miracle in itself, and it's been progressive.
But a miracle is a miracle even if it's progressive, especially when you realize how far she has come.
Well, last night we took her again, and he asked if anybody had a testimony.
So I went down to the front to tell him about Megan, just excited about it, saying, 'God, this is a big deal,' because we spent a lot of money on adult diapers, and they're very expensive.
He laid hands on her, and the power of God went all over her.
He gave us a word about our ministry, gave a word over my wife, and really filled us with fire and encouragement.
I'm expecting a supernatural turnaround.
I'm expecting—I told you there will be a day when my daughter comes on here and tells you all the goodness of our God, that Jesus is the healer.
He is a healer, and He is going to visit America one last time in a mighty outpouring of His Spirit.
Coachella was just a prayer assignment.
That's the way he deals with me all the time.
Like I said, the more you get to know me, I come on and do these videos over these 30 days.
People are asking me to continue to do it afterwards.
We'll see; I probably will.
I feel an urgency to do this more and more.
I just thought you all would get tired of it and not show up.
I mean, honestly, I thought, 'Well, if the people show up and they want to pray, we might as well pray.
' You know, whenever people don't show up, it's discouraging.
You go, 'Well, what's the point?
' That is what you think in your natural mind.
If they're not going to show up and pray, then whatever.
But God had an assignment.
I didn't know what the turnout was going to be, and I really didn't care.
He told me to do it.
He said, 'Do it,' and I said, 'Okay, Lord, I'll do it.
' And people are showing up and we're making a difference.
I'm going to pray today for an outpouring, but we have to take communion first.
Excuse me.
Father, we thank you for your body.
We thank you for what you did on that cross 2,000 years ago.
We thank you that you said, 'By your stripes, I am healed,' from the top of our head to the soles of our feet, Lord.
We lift up this body before you, God.
I thank you that you were wounded for our transgressions, you were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we are healed.
Megan's healed.
Reed is healed.
I got a call from a lady who broke her ribs, and I lift up her ribs before you in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father, that you're healing her from the top of her head to her feet.
All her ribs are healed in Jesus' name.
We say supernaturally, put them back together with a creative miracle with no more pain.
And we say, 'Satan, get your hands off of God's property.
' This is his child in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body right now and we lift it up before you and we thank you.
We thank you, Father, for what you did for us on Calvary.
We take this body right now in Jesus' name.
Now Lord, we lift up the blood and we thank you.
We enter in by the blood of the lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We have authority over the devil.
I thank you for the blood, Lord.
We take this blood right now in the name of Jesus, and it washes us of our sins and we enter into your throne room with great boldness today as we pray.
We take our dominion and authority over this earth because you've given us dominion and authority.
We thank you, Father, that we are washed in the blood, the cleansing blood of the lamb.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
Thank you for your blood, Lord.
It never loses its power.
We lift up the blood, Father, and we thank you.
We thank you, Father, for the blood that washes us from all our sins.
Father, you said to make much of the blood, and the blood will make much of you.
And we take the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
Now Lord, we enter in boldly to your throne.
I saw in the comment section—my son told me—there's a lady that's believing for healing.
He said, 'Pray for her.
' She really needed prayer for her menopause.
It's very serious; it's been going on ten years.
Ten-year menopause—no more.
The Lord spoke to me about this and I'm believing with you.
The menopause symptoms of ten years are gone now in the name of Jesus.
We speak to the hormones of this woman who has been bound by these menopausal symptoms for ten years.
We say healing flow over your body right now in the name of Jesus.
From the top of your head to the soles of your feet, I pronounce you healed by his stripes.
We say, 'Bonnie, you are healed.
Bonnie, you are delivered.
Bonnie, in the name of Jesus, no more of this.
' It is a curse.
This is not living in abundance to the full until it overflows.
So we speak to the hormones, the pituitary gland, and the glands of the mind to line up in the name of Jesus with the word of God.
We say in the name of Jesus, hormones line up.
Ovaries line up.
The signals to the body, we call healing in the name of Jesus.
We call deliverance in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that you're restoring her body from the top of her head to the soles of her feet.
No more of this menopause stuff.
Father, we thank you for the demonstrations and the manifestations of your glory.
Lord, we plead the blood over every single person that is represented here.
I attach my faith with theirs that you are visiting their house today.
Father, with your healing touch, nothing's too big and nothing's too small.
By his stripes, you are healed in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, for the healing power that flows on the inside of them in the name of Jesus.
I call them healed, I call them whole, I call them well in the name of Jesus—every single one of them.
Father, I pray over their minds, over their emotions, over every area of their life where they're lacking.
We thank you, Father, for the healing power that flows on the inside of their bodies.
I thank you, Lord, for healing arthritis of the necks and all the way down their backs.
I call them healed and whole, discs in their backs to be restored.
All the discs and any kind of pain in the backs, on their joints, their knees, their legs, and their ankles.
Father, all the joints of the body, I call them healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father, that we take authority over these things and we call those things that be not as though they were.
Father, Lord, we speak to the bones in the name of Jesus.
Now God, I thank you for finances for the people, Father, for the sowers, Father, that they will reap if they faint not.
And we thank you, Lord.
We pray miracle-grow soil on their seed.
We speak blessing and increase over their household.
Now, you can't sit there and complain about your finances if you haven't sown a seed.
Even if it's like the widow's mite, you have to sow seed.
Seedtime and harvest come by whatsoever things you sow that we also reap.
Farmers sow a crop to reap a crop.
So we speak to the seed of the finances and we say in the name of Jesus, 'Satan, get your hands off of their money.
' We call for creative ideas to get wealth.
I thank you, Father, that you're visiting them in the midnight hours, in the night when they're sleeping, and you would speak in their dreams.
You would speak to them, and Father, you would give them creative ideas to get wealth.
I thank you for supernatural wisdom, Father, for jobs and better jobs, for great promotions at their work, that favor follows the believer.
For goodness and mercy will follow you all the days of your life, and we will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
So, Father, we speak to the favor and we say, 'Favor is following us.
Goodness and mercy is following us.
' And Father, I thank you that favor is running.
It's overflow time.
It's in abundance to the full until it overflows.
Father, I thank you for supernatural favor coming to each and every single person on this YouTube channel.
Father, that you bless them indeed and that you increase their land and that you enlarge their territory that they would cause no pain.
We thank you for supernatural increase over their jobs.
Father, you said whatever they put their hands to will prosper.
I thank you, Lord, that Father there is an anointing to prosper, not to be having lack but to have abundance.
So I pray over their harvest.
I pray over their hands.
Father, I thank you for supernatural favor of open doors of opportunity to create wealth.
Opportunity is coming in the name of Jesus.
The camels are coming in the name of Jesus.
We say the harvesters are coming in the name of Jesus.
It's harvest time, a great manifestation of the harvest.
We call forth harvesting of the seed—harvesting from what you've planted.
Father, the supernatural acceleration of financial outpouring is coming in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for this will be a time of great acceleration; for whatever was dormant will grow suddenly.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we line up with what the word of God said in Deuteronomy 28: 'And all these blessings shall come upon thee and overtake thee.
' I thank you, Lord, that it's an overtaking blessing, not a barely getting by; that we are a lender unto many, and we shall not borrow.
We're the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
We'll go through and will not go under.
For Father, this is a time of great supernatural harvest acceleration.
Father, we take authority over these things, and I want you to agree with me.
Agree with me for supernatural debt cancellation.
Father, I thank you that the notes are paid off in full—from student loans to car loans to house loans to credit card debt.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it's paid off in full in the name of Jesus.
I heard one minister say, "Well, you just sow on your credit card.
" I don't believe that.
No, you don't borrow to sow.
I believe you give.
If the Lord tells you to give something, you give what you have.
You don't borrow again and go in more debt.
I don't believe that.
Whatever.
I believe that you can give good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will men give into your bosom.
The wealth of the sinners is laid up for the righteous.
There's a lot of gimmicks, spiritual flakiness, and con artists that I've seen, and God help them.
But the seedtime and harvest works.
I'm a product of it.
I believe it.
But I sow.
You have to sow into good ground.
People say, "Well, what I sowed, I didn't get anything back.
" Well, what ground did you sow into?
Sow into good ground.
Sow into ground that reaps.
For the Bible even says some thirty, some sixty, and a hundredfold.
Well, they say, "Well, I don't receive nothing.
" Well, are you cursing your seed?
What does your mountain say?
What are you saying to your mountain?
What is your mouth saying out over your seed every day?
Because life and death is in the power of your tongue.
I said the Lord said it again: life and death is in the power of your tongue.
And you're living today what you said yesterday.
What you've said over the years, you continue to live.
It takes a little bit of time to turn the ship around.
A big cruise ship, they can't just turn it like a little sports car.
It takes a little bit to turn that battleship around.
And I'm trying to tell you, a lot of you have been living and speaking negativity all the time—doubting Thomas all the time—and you're living what you've been saying for the last twenty years.
So don't get discouraged if it takes a little bit to turn that negative around.
You've got to speak to your circumstances and call those things that be not as though they were.
And you will see the manifestation if you faint not.
Stand when all there else to do is stand.
Stand, therefore, speaking psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs, making melody in your heart, giving God praise out of your mouth.
Thank you, Father, for the manifestation.
Thank you, Lord, that you are taking care of me.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you said in your word that you are my healer, that you are my provider.
You're the great Jehovah Jireh.
And Lord, I only have a dollar or a quarter to give, but I know that if I sow, you, Father, said that you would bring forth some thirty, some sixty, and a hundredfold.
So, Father, I thank you.
You show me the good ground.
And I believe he that wins souls is wise.
So, I look for people who are getting a lot of people saved, that are helping the widow.
I've noticed the more you bless the widow, the more you take care of the widow, there's a covering.
There's a spiritual blessing behind that because he commissioned us to do it.
To take care of the orphan, to take care of the person in the prison, to send them Bibles, to help people that were in prison so that they get born again, to rehabilitate them, to preach to the widows, to help the widow out that can't help themselves.
It's honorable, and to pray and take care of the Jews.
There's blessings behind this.
I look for blessing ground.
Who's helping people out?
Who's blessing the people that can't help themselves?
The orphan.
That's one.
Look at the people like that.
I look at people who are doing things and blessing ground.
I'm just telling you all: study.
Study.
The Bible says, "Study to show yourself approved.
" And I believe with all my heart we are accountable for our seed.
Don't eat your seed.
A lot of people eat their seed.
Don't eat it; sow it.
I believe in the tithe.
They said, "Well, tithing has been done away with and we don't have to tithe anymore because that was part of the law, and Jesus came and redeemed us from the curse of the law.
" We don't have to be underneath that.
And I hear all kinds of people: "Oh, you don't tithe?
I don't tithe anymore.
I don't believe in tithing.
" I do.
I believe it with all my heart.
I believe in the power of a seed.
I believe in sowing overflow and believing God for extra.
And he said, "Whatever you put your hands to will prosper.
" And I'm telling you, when you put God over your finances and you make him ruler over your life...
you say, "Well, I can't afford to tithe.
" I always told my wife, even when we were living off food stamps: "We cannot afford not to tithe because I'm believing God for extra.
" I believe God.
I'm believing God for exceeding abundantly above all we ask or think.
I don't want to live paycheck to paycheck.
And I know that my God shall supply all my needs according to his riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
A lot of people don't preach that anymore.
They get afraid of it because they get tired of the persecution.
They get tired of the ugly letters in the mail, tired of the comment section.
So they shy away from it.
"All you want is our money.
" I've heard it.
I work for megachurches.
I saw it.
My wife counted the offerings, and people were very aggressive about it being about money.
If you want to touch somebody and get them mad, you talk about money and they get real squirmy real quick.
Or you start talking about their pet peeves and you want to get somebody's attention.
Just like what it is with the economy.
Just like the Lord told me, there's a great shaking coming.
There's a great shaking coming with the economy because it's the pocketbook.
It's the god of people.
Money is a god to people.
Everybody is obsessed with it.
It's nuts.
But it's power, and that's what gives people their lusts.
A lot of them are able to do what they want to do; they live extravagantly and party and drink and act a fool, but it takes money to do that.
And you know what?
I'm going to say this—I just saw this in a vision right then: Halloween is coming.
Wow.
I just keep going down these trails and the Lord keeps talking to me about these people celebrating Halloween.
God help you.
If you truly knew the witchcraft behind this holiday and the demonic strongholds attached to it, you would know there is so much bondage with Halloween, satanic sacrifices, and witchcraft.
Everybody says, 'Well, we're just going to dress up and have Halloween night.
' I'm not criticizing the pastors who do that; if you feel led to do that to be a community outreach, who am I to say?
I'm just going to tell you, I don't feel comfortable with it.
I have dealt too much with the other side trying to come against you to try to buddy up with them and go, 'Well, we're going to dress up and do things and go out trick-or-treating or whatever.
' If you all truly knew...
I watched a video from this Hispanic man—he looked Hispanic—who was an ex-witch and warlock, and he got born again.
He even goes into the depth of why you should not celebrate Halloween.
I think we're like two weeks away from it, and I'm warning you all: there comes a time where we have to set the standard.
My mom and dad never allowed us to celebrate it—never, as kids.
Thank God for that.
They always did because my dad was in biblical counseling and he would lead witches out of the occult.
He studied the occult for two years, learning how to help people and get them free.
The stories they talk about—child sacrifice and all the demonic stuff that goes on that night—I don't want any part.
Light has no part in darkness.
I don't care what it is; there is no mixture.
It's like the lady that puts poo-poo in the brownies and just mixes it up there and they serve it to the kids.
'Well, it's only one little speck of poop in there, it's all right.
You can eat the whole pan, but there's only one little speck.
' We don't know where that speck is, but you go ahead and eat those poo-poo brownies.
No, I'll pass, thank you.
Light has no fellowship with darkness.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
There's a lot of compromise in the church fellowshipping with darkness.
I don't believe in it.
I work too hard in the spirit realm to buddy up for one day.
No way.
Not at my house.
My kids never celebrate it.
Never.
It's dark.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
There is now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus, but I'm trying to tell you that it's time to be on fire and be bolder about what we believe.
There's coming a day very soon, and people don't want to hear it.
They shut me down all the time—especially in church.
'Be quiet.
Don't say that.
You're speaking fear.
' God have mercy on y'all because you have no idea.
As a watchman, I yell as loud as I can—like I said, like Coachella—trying to warn you about what's coming.
Even Billy tonight—Billy Burke—was talking about a stove, and he was talking about the darkness trying to warn everybody because he obviously is a seer.
He didn't get into the depth of it because people don't have ears to hear.
There are some of you all that do.
There's a big stove with all this stuff that Washington has been cooking up, and they're getting ready to serve y'all.
A lot of you don't understand that, but there's a big stove with a bunch of mess—pots of nasty garbage that they've been cooking up on that stove—and it's fixing to be served to the people.
Tribulation is coming.
The Great Tribulation is coming.
You need to understand what I'm telling you.
The birthing pains over this next year are going to intensify beyond anybody's comprehension.
You will see what you never thought you would see.
You thought, 'Well, we'd be raptured out of here by now,' but I'm telling you, there's no escape mentality when it comes to this stuff.
He didn't call us to escape; He called us to be warriors.
And that's when the Lord told me, 'I'm raising up men with a backbone.
' They have some testosterone to them like David.
They've tried to demasculinize you by feminizing you, making you limp-wristed like metrosexual weanies.
And you go, 'Well, we got our skinny jeans and our fog machines, and we're all shaking a little bit underneath this Holy Ghost bump as the air conditioner goes by and blows some cold air on us.
Was that the Holy Ghost?
' I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, when it's the real Holy Ghost, you won't question it.
You won't sit there and go, 'Was that the air conditioner?
Was that the Holy Ghost?
I got some goosebumps.
' When the Holy Ghost comes, it changes you.
He changes you from the inside out.
Whenever you fall down in the Holy Ghost, you get back up off that ground and know that you are changed because the glory of the Lord has changed you and you'll never be the same.
I'm tired of playing church, going from one church service to another and not experiencing life-changing events that get inside of you and make you more like Him.
Who cares about going to church and getting a lukewarm word and feeling good for a couple of minutes and going home and sitting on the couch and watching The Office?
I need more of Jesus.
Less of me and more of Him, for He is at the spout.
I want to be at the spout where the glory comes out.
Oh, I'm desperate.
How desperate are you?
How thirsty are you?
How hungry are you for change in your life?
I tell you these things because it's on me to say it.
If you're lukewarm, He said, 'I would rather you be hot or cold, but if you are lukewarm, I'll spew you out of my mouth.
' I want to be on fire for Jesus.
I want to be a burning light, standing there with the glory on me and the light shining off my face so that people say there's something different about him.
It's only by the grace and the love of God that I'm able to do it, but it's by drawing close and sitting in His lap on a day-to-day basis, seeking Him daily—not just on Sunday—being desperate for more because there's going to be a great outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord, and I want to be a part of it.
I'm hungry.
Are you desperate?
Do you still want to live in compromise because it's convenient?
God is not convenient.
Walking in fire is not convenient.
Having a manifestation of the glory is not always convenient.
I've had enough of hearing that Donald Trump is going to save America.
I've had enough of hearing all these preachers prophesy.
I even said it, but I said it would come from a place of humility hitting this nation.
I saw him underneath great pressure, and the glory was on him, and there was a radical conversion of the glory of God that transforms him into a man that is praying and interceding on behalf of America.
I saw the glory of the Lord on him, and he shined with the glory.
He was in the Oval Office interceding on behalf of America, crying out, 'For if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then they will hear from heaven and I will heal their land.
' There were people interceding in that office, praying for America, and the darkness lifted above the tree line.
It did not fully go away.
He took the paddles and He shocked the nation—the Holy Ghost did—and it sent ripples of glory throughout the nation and the land.
But the darkness was still hovering.
However, it gave us a breather.
You know, whenever you are able to breathe, you have some room to breathe.
It gave us some room to move because the darkness was lifted above the tree line.
Glory.
I believe with all my heart that God is going to do it one more time like he did in the Welsh revival, like he did in the 1700s and the 1800s, Wesley and Finney.
Oh Lord, do it again.
Do it again.
Lord, we don't want to play church anymore.
I'm tired of going to churches and having a little bit of an experience.
Thank God for Chip and Candace.
Those people want a revival; those people want a Holy Ghost move.
I'm not speaking about my pastors—I want you to know that—I'm talking about churches that I have visited.
But Chip and Candace, they want the glory.
Thank God for people who want the glory.
Thank God for my pastors.
Thank God for them.
I see the fire and the hunger in their eyes even during the Nancy Dufresne meetings when she was here doing the healing services, and they were so hungry and thirsty after it.
And I was like, "God, thank you for planting me in a place like this.
" I'm so grateful I wasn't around it for so many years with people that were just dead to the Holy Spirit, showing up on Sunday and walking out unchanged week after week after week and begging for prayer.
Another person is committing adultery, another person is out drinking or partying or going to the strip club.
"Well, the grace covers that, brother.
You can go to the strip clubs and go to the sex clubs and that's okay because God knows my heart and grace covers it.
" Really, really seriously?
May God help you.
People ask me about the Tower Garden.
This is just another thing here; it's on my heart.
The Tower Garden that I spoke about—Google it.
You'll find everything you need to know about the Tower Garden and educate yourself.
There are videos on YouTube about it.
It will help you; you'll need this.
The dear sister that told us about it, I pray for you.
God bless you and your family.
She's such a blessing, her and her family telling us about the Tower Garden.
Google it.
I don't know if she'll let me show her a link or whatever, but there are people you can order a Tower Garden from.
I believe it's maybe like towergarden.
com.
It's on Google.
And so, my wife can't get to all the emails—there's so many of you—and it's not hard, and it will bless you.
Tower Garden.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, for every single person.
And I even pray for my pastors this week.
I bless them, Father.
I bless them.
And I thank you for a fresh touch of your spirit on them.
For Pastor Chip and Candace and the ministry team there, I lift them up before you, Father.
And I pray a fresh fire on their lives.
I pray, Father, for you to stir in them and protect them, that you put a covering over them so that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
I pray for my pastors, Father, that they are blessed in the city and in the field, coming in and going out.
And I thank you, Lord, that you've called them to the kingdom for such a time as this, that there is a mighty move of your spirit upon Chip and that you touch his heart and you bring a fresh fire on him.
Father, a fresh anointed word for the prayer conference.
Father, I thank you for a fresh anointed word, for a fresh anointed touch on his life like he's never experienced before, and on Candace and Chip.
I bless them in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Father, for godly leaders that are covering their flock and that are true pastors who love their congregation, get dirty from sheep dung and are not afraid of it, and really get down in the stalls to clean them out and love on the people.
I thank you for pastors that have an awakening unto God and that lead and clean throughout America.
Clean the sheep up and teach them how to live by faith and not like a baby, teaching them the meat of the word like Pastor Chip.
We lift up the people, Father, that they would preach the gospel uncompromising, unhindered by any compromise, and not be intimidated by men's opinion.
Raising up godly leaders in these last days.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for a fresh touch of your fire upon these men of God that are hungry and thirsty after righteousness.
Father, for the women of God, their wives, and for the ministry teams, we call forth fresh fire and fresh anointing on them in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you expose all darkness and the wolves in sheep's clothing behind pulpits in America and across the world.
Father, for you said great judgment would begin in the house of the Lord.
And we call forth the ones that are in it just for money to be exposed and removed, or Father, their hearts to change.
That you would bring a great humbling upon these men; that Father, they are out just to profit and gain off of your body.
Father, that you would shake them to awaken them and they would humble themselves underneath the mighty hand of God, and in due time you said you would exalt them.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that the corruption from all kinds of dirtiness in the church would be exposed and cleaned out.
The cancers of the church would be removed and the hearts would change.
That we would have revival again.
For if revival was to take place right now, where would the revival take place?
For there's a lot of corruption behind the four walls.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that there would be a great revival even in the streets amongst the people who are the remnant, the ones that are hungry and thirsty after righteousness.
For you said those that hunger and thirst after righteousness will be filled with the glory.
Create in us a clean heart, oh God.
Create in us clean hearts.
Create in us a right standing with you; that Father, we are the head and not the tail and above and not beneath, that we are the salt, Father, in these last days.
That there would be a great harvest of souls, Father.
We call forth the blinded eyes to be opened in the name of Jesus.
We speak to the eyes.
Father, I thank you, Lord, according to Ephesians, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened, that they would know what is the hope of the calling.
We speak to the blinders, for you said in your word that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
And we speak for the blinders to be removed in the name of Jesus off of their eyes—that the blinders of the eyes would be removed now in the name of Jesus—that they would see.
We call those eyes to pop open in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Satan is no longer able to blind the unbeliever's eyes.
That there is a moment, a pause in the spirit realm so people can make their own decisions.
For all the unsaved loved ones and all the people that are represented here that are crying out for their lost family members, we speak for the laborers and the harvesters to go and bring them forth in the name of Jesus, that the angels of the Lord would camp around and about them and make war against the demonic spirits that were causing hindrance for them to come in.
And we thank you, Lord, that their eyes would see and their ears would hear.
And those of you that are praying for them, do not give up on them.
They will come in.
For there is one last call, one last call of a harvest.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for it is the goodness of God that draws man to repentance.
And I call forth in the name of Jesus healings, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for supernatural touches like we saw last night; for great healings will take place.
Great manifestations and healings will take place in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you.
Father, we just take the time to give you praise for this coming to pass, for the healings upon America, for the revivals upon the world, Australia, Asia, South America, Mexico, Guatemala, and El Salvador.
All these places, Father, we call for revival: over Romania, over Poland, over Italy, over France.
One last call over England, Father, and over Iceland and Finland and all the nations that are represented.
Father, we call for a great harvest of your souls.
A shaking to awaken, even over Moscow and over Russia.
We call forth a harvest over Russia, Father, for all the beautiful people that are represented in Russia.
There are so many good people; we call forth a harvest, Father.
We will not shy back, but we will press forward.
We will not be ashamed of the Lord Jesus Christ, for great fire will stay on them that believe.
For you will walk in demonstrations in these days ahead, for there will be an outpouring of my spirit and not dread.
For this is the day to come up higher.
Come up higher with my fire and distribute it out between the nations.
For great glory will rest upon thee, and on your faces people will see it.
There will be great glory.
There will be signs and wonders that will follow them that believe.
For this is the last call; this is the last hour and you will see my Son's return soon.
For lift up your eyes and lift up your countenance, for the glory is coming on you.
Stay.
Glory, glory, glory.
Do not shy back with the lack, for there will be no lack.
There will be an abundant supply for what I've asked you to do.
Many of you say, "How will we walk through?
How will we do what you've called us to do?
For there is lack.
" I say, in a moment there will be a transfer—a transfer of my wealth laid up for the righteous.
Have your ears open to me and you will hear what I've called you to do.
And there will be a flow for you; a demonstration of the flow will flow through you.
You will see it.
Do not shy back with lack thinking, "Well, I don't have it.
I can't do it.
" No, there is a divine illustration and manifestation of financial abundance coming.
A great move of my spirit is yet to come.
Even in the days ahead, you will walk in this.
Do not lose hope, but do not grow weary in well-doing.
I say it again: Do not grow weary in well-doing, but look up unto the hills where your help comes from.
It's coming within you.
It is in you.
The hope of glory dwells on the inside of you.
I am in you and I will abide in you, and I said I would never leave you and I will never forsake you.
Lo, and until the end of the earth, I said I would be with you always.
So rejoice, for now is the time of the great harvest.
Now is the time to walk in the manifestations and the demonstrations of the glory.
Rejoice, for many have gone on home before that waited to want to soar like you will soar.
Many have gone on home.
I see them there; there are a lot of them that wanted to be where we are right now.
And yet you chose us for such a time as this.
I have called you and I have chosen you for such a time as this.
So don't lose hope.
Don't grow weary in well-doing for the best is yet to come.
Days of heaven on earth you will see.
For the glory will rise in thee in a greater way.
Lord, we thank you for the manifestation of this.
We worship you for your demonstrations and manifestations of the glory, arising up as the army, rising up with courage to be filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
Thank you, Father.
Glory to your name.
See the glory come down.
See the glory.
Oh, Lord's presence is so strong.
Oh, Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I see.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
Oh, Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
Oh, Lord, please light the fire that once burned bright and clear.
Father, I thank you.
It will be birthed out of the spirit before you see it in the natural.
For the great doors will open.
The ancient doors will be opened.
By much prayer and much fasting unto me, the doors will be open.
Roots of fear, roots of torment, roots of fear be gone in the name of Jesus.
For it will go like a boomerang back on them.
For every tongue that rises against you, you will condemn and it will not bear fruit on you.
It will be an example of my divine protection.
Every day, things will break off now.
All hidden things be revealed.
Glory to you, Lord, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for a fresh touch of your glory.
Father, I thank you that every single person who is believing to be baptized in the Holy Spirit, speaking with other tongues, would have a fresh fire and an outpouring of your spirit on them.
Father, I thank you that there are no spirits that try to hinder, harm, or cause them any kind of blockage concerning the river that flows out of them in Jesus' name.
What a day this was.
Day eight.
Praise the Lord.
The spirit of intercessory prayer is here.
People want to know where I got these prayer shawls from in the comment section.
Someone gave this one to me and it was a blessing.
I got the other one at Mardel, and you can get them on Amazon.
You can get those prayer shawls.
I use it for a prayer cover.
I used to get distracted whenever I would pray in my old house because our house was so small.
So I put that on there so my kids, when they ran down the hall, wouldn't distract me when I was praying.
Now it has been a habit; it is the way I pray.
So you don't want to do it, don't do it.
I'm not telling you that it says you have to do it, but I just do it.
People want to know about my prayer shawls.
They're just like a blanket to me.
God bless you all.
Thank you for liking my videos; it really blesses us.
Liking the video is a real blessing.
It helps us with the algorithm on YouTube—clicking the notification bell, liking, and subscribing—all of it helps us to get more people going.
The more people we have, the more we reach.
I just want to say glory to God for that.
It's not anything about me, but all glory to Him.
For He is the potter, we are the clay, and we have a treasure in an earthen vessel.
The excellency of the power will be known of Him and not of us.
So I just want to say thank you, Jesus, for all that He's done even in this year since July 11th.
If you're new here, welcome.
Thank you for joining us today for prayer.
What I do is pray in the spirit.
I believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit according to Acts chapter 2.
And I thank you, Lord, for that gift; it's amazing.
And you can have it too.
He is no respecter of persons.
I believe with all my heart that Jesus will baptize you with the Holy Ghost and fire.
Tomorrow we will pray again, and it'll be day nine.
I am excited; we'll keep going with this until the Lord says stop.
I'm excited to keep coming back.
I don't know what that really was today; it just came up out of me again—the Holy Spirit talking that way.
So I hope it blessed you; if not, maybe it corrected you.
If you have to, put it on a shelf and eat it as you can if it's bitter.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
We will see you all again tomorrow.
God bless you all and have a wonderful day.
Truly have a wonderful day.
Bye-bye.